How are you becoming a Champion today?
“Having a soft heart in a cruel world is courage, not weakness”
“I learned to give not because I have so much, but because I know exactly what it feels like to have nothing”
“Two things define you: your patience when you have nothing, and your attitude when you have everything”
Find a new method to break old rules
“If you want something you’ve never had, you’ve got to do something you’ve never done.” 
“When people show you who they really are, believe them.”
“We can easily forgive a child when they’re afraid of the dark. But the tragedy is when men are afraid of the light.”
“The bond that links your true family is not one of blood, but of respect and joy in each other’s lives” - Richard Bach
"Men ought to know that from nothing else but your brain come joys, delights, laughter and sports, and sorrows, griefs, despondency, and lamentations” -Hipócrates 
""Watch your thoughts, they become words;  watch your words, they become actions;  watch your actions, they become habits;  watch your habits, they become character;  watch your character, for it becomes your destiny.” - Ellen Leanse
“The Dent lessons: One, the point of having nice things is to share them. And two, the story is what makes it matter.” - Jason, about Greg Kisor
“Take a moment and enjoy it. This is your moment. But there will never be another moment like this.” - T.I
“There will always be someone who does not see your worth. Don’t let it be you” - your attack against imposter syndrome
“Getting into physical, mental, and spiritual shape” -Brene Brown
Pick courage over comfort.
A day dreamer and a night thinker
“In the past jobs were about muscles, now they’re about brains, but in future they’ll be about the heart” - Minouche Shafik
“Give people a taste of what they want, so you can give them what you need”
“It’s not what you get, it’s what you become. Ultimately” 
“Do you want to get by, or do you want to get better?”
Like attracts like.
“Validation was for parking,” - Wilmar Amaya 
“All the variety, all the charm, all the beauty of life is made up of light and shadow” - Anna Karenina
“Journey from perennial last, to definite first.”
“Make them believe something great is possible. Take a giant baby step”
“You may delay, but time will not, and lost time is never found again.” -Benjamin Franklin
“Borrow someone’s passion” -Angel Diaz
“Education never ends. It is a series of lessons with the greatest for last” -Sherlock Holmes
“Nothing is more powerful than an idea whose time has come.” -Victor Hugo
“I am enough of an artist to draw freely upon my imagination. Imagination is more important than knowledge. Knowledge is limited. Imagination encircles the world.” - Albert Einstein
“I know how hard it is to try and keep someone safe who wants to do big things” 
“The further back you can look, the further forward you can see.” - Churchill
Sit crooked and talk straight.
“Strong convictions with a loose hold. “ - Angela Ceseña
“You gotta wear the mask long enough that it become indistinguishable from you.” -Ron Rosenburg. 
“Do good or do well? Do both”.
People look. You envision.
Connecting minds. Advancing Us.
Yoga Bonito vs Joga Bonito
“Not all traditions are harmful, but unquestioned ones lead to myths” Jean-luc Doumont
“Cus Fridays don’t deserve all the attention.” 
My parents taught me to be “sufficient desmadroso”
Some people want it to happen, some wish it would happen, others make it happen.”- Michael Jordan
“Rather than think ‘what can I get out of this’, think ‘what is needed here? What does this event require?’ “ - Alan Arkin
“Be hungry. Humble. And the hardest working person in the room “ -Dwayne Johnson
“Violence is the worse kind of communication”
“Allow yourself to be a beginner.”
“You can always make a different choice.”
“Have a fearful conversation.”
“You are the leader you look for.”
“Mother is a verb.”
“It is hard, but you can do hard things.”
“The universe does not respond to what you want. But to who you are being. Be”
How is this happening for you and not to you?      
“An entertainer gives you songs you like. An artist gives you song you don’t know you like.”
“Discipline is choosing between what you want now, and what you want most.”
“Speak the truth, even if your voice shakes”
“When you are surviving, you can’t dream.”
“The last analog device in a digital world: the mind” - West world. Season2 ep7
“Have the mindset, skillset, and network that empower leaders to create positive impact around the world,” - Singularity University
“The key to research is ‘unique,’ and it works.” - Jay Buckey
"At MIT we work hard on hard problems. Pursue big bold ideas. We collaborate freely. And we support each other on complex teams" - Rafael Reif, MIT President
"If you get tired, learn to rest, not to quit." - Banksy
"I'd rather have questions that can't be answered than answers that can't be questioned." - Richard Feynman
The most intense fight a human will ever have is between the person they are and the person they are capable of becoming. -Coach Jae
Take it easy. But take it.
"Give me 6 hours to chop down a tree, and I’ll spend 4 hours sharpening the axe." -Abraham Lincoln
Education is what they do to you. Learning is what you do to yourself. -Joi Ito
Investors love ideas, but they fund execution. - Peter Diamonds
"I'm really excited to be terrified." - Zoe Bell. 
"Perspective is worth 80 IQ points" - Alan Kay
Depth reveals.
Learning builds upon learning throughout our lives. And multi sensory moments map themselves to a wider array of maps. - Ellen Leanse
Keep the lights on as long as possible so opportunity knows where to find you.
Love the grind. The buckling down and working. The partying for balance. The uncomfortable noise of friction. -Daymond John
Diversity is invited to the party. Inclusion is being asked to dance. 
I’ve always felt I had two heads ( which they say is better than one) -Ian hunter, musician 
If life is a test where is the tutor for me -J. Cole
Build a life I don’t need a vacation from
"The master has failed more times than the beginner has even tried."" - Stephen McCranie
You're not here to compete against anyone else today. You're here to compete against who you were yesterday.
“The cost of a thing is the amount of what I call life which is required to be exchanged for it, immediately or in the long run.”-Henry David Thoreau
"I don't need time. What I need is a deadline." - Duke Ellington
Great artists always hide themselves in their work
Write intoxicated, edit caffeinated.
Make art that varies medium, method, and attitude. 
Provide decision support rather than decision making.
How can you reframe your stress as excitement?
Success breeds ambition.
"Baila en la tormenta." - Maria Vanegas
Deserve your name. 
"Learn the rules like a pro, so you can break them like an artist."" -Pablo Picasso. 
Science is the steady reduction of prejudices 
"Plan in Decades. Think in years. Work in months. Live in days. - Nic Haralambous
There is a big worry. But no fear. -Micheal Collins, on Apollo.
"The world is changed by your example, not by your opinion."
Most profound tech disappears into everyday life
"Be who you needed when you were younger." -Imgur 
There is no problem so bad that you can't make it worst.
Don't raise your voice, improve your argument.
Do you want to be loved. Or do you want to make an impact?
Work at the crowd level.
"Our differences of opinion, perspective, training, identity and background, and our ability to navigate and learn from those differences, are essential to our creative excellence. " - MIT President Rafael Reif
"Life is more about huevos than IQ. Huevos is gender neutral." Eric Weinstein
Life is about being a tapa hueco.
"The half-life of a learned skill is 5 years" 
The best compliment to my leadership: receptivity, curiosity, patience 
"greed sells itself." Rather than incentivizing through reward, design it so that it grows and works because people are greedy.  
"Creativity comes as a surprise to us. It's has to. If it didn't, we wouldn't need it." -George Gilder
Be the coolest thing in your office.
My grandfather worked for survival. My father for safety. I work for fulfillment.
"The biggest regrets are not based in action, but in inaction." -Feldman
Ideas come at 3am
Data take the wheel!
History awaits.
Leaders can let you fail, and not be a failure.
Do what your soul desires.  Work towards progress, not change. Change will come.